Goal: small-scale implementation of DCoSL: decentralized curation of simple lists

Reference prototype: https://github.com/nous-clawds4/tapestry, deployed at: https://nous-clawds4.tapestry.ninja/kg. Tapestry is a fork of the brainstorm prototype at https://GitHub.com/pretty-good-freedom-tech/brainstorm, deployed at https://straycat.brainstorm.social. Tapestry currently implements DCoSL and has additional features of the tapestry protocol in progress.

The existing prototype uses Decentralized Lists, Trusted Assertions, NIP-25 Reactions, and Trusted Lists to curate any arbitrary list. An example is provided in the form of the DList of dwarves, which could function very much in the same way as a DLIst of people. Multiple AI-generated nostr accounts were created for the purpose of demonstration. These include 14 dwarves, 7 of whom are intended to be spam, with multiple test accounts, half of whom are intended to represent bad actors. A large number of kind 7 reactions are submitted and tallied using one of 4 options (trust everyone, trust follows, trust based on TA rank, trust pubkeys in a TL).

Like brainstorm, the prototype is a proof of concept and demonstration of the technical possibilities with very little focus on user experience. Next step is to build an app with a great user experience, solving a real user problem, without tackling issues of scaling to lists with thousands, tens of thousands or more items.

Two possibilities:

a generic tool that can work with any lists whatsoever (not so exciting)
a carefully selected handful of interoperable lists that solve a specific use case, such as:
proof of personhood:
list of people
list of agents (LLMs)
list of countries
list of cities (proof of citizenship? city could be a required or optional field on the dlist of real people)
nostr apps
list of nostr apps
list of app categories
nostr relays
list of relays
list of relay categories
nostr key rotation
Technical features that exist nowhere else that we should showcase:

daisy chaining, e.g. generic verified users -> TL of nostr devs -> TL of nostr relays.
The ability to select how a list is curated, with distinct methods for distinct lists.
Individual lists can be recalculated and republished as TLs on a routine bases and / or recalculations can be triggered by defined events, such as a new item being submitted to the list of interest by a trusted npub. (Paid feature!)
Aim for something that will avoid problems of scaling. Lists that will be expected to be small: thousands of items at most, ideally a lot less. Definitely not millions.

